leopards are the most versatile of all
the big cats adept at finding cover in
the most on promising places
[Music]
the steep walls of the gulley are now
her cover for an ambush
the male puku is close enough but he's
too big to tackle she needs to sleep
past him without being seen
if he sponsor he'll blow her cover
[Music]
slowly does it
to succeed here she needs to find prey
grazing close to the edge or better
still in the curry itself
[Music]
frustration success would have staved
off hunger for a week
but while there's prey around this hope
peeking over the top is a risk but it's
the quickest way to find a new target
[Music]
[Applause]
a burst of speed of 65 kilometers an
hour and it's all over in less than six
seconds
except it isn't
[Music]
dazed and disorientated the Impala makes
a miraculous escape
[Music]